Make beam argument mandatory in `Segment.plot_overview` (#316)
desy-ml/cheetah: CHANGELOG.md

### 🚨 Breaking Changes

> - `Segment.plot_overview` now requires an incoming `Beam` to be passed, requiring a change in the order of arguments. (see #316) (@Hespe)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `incoming` argument of `Segment.plot_overview` is no longer optional. This change also affects the order of the arguments. Fixes an exception that was raised by an underlying plot function that requires `incoming` to be set. (see #316) (@Hespe)
```
